Java: CWE-798 Query to detect hard-coded Azure credentials (#5852)
github/codeql: java/change-notes/2021-05-12-hardcoded-azure-credentials-in-api-call.md

lgtm,codescanning
* The query "Hard-coded credential in API call" (`java/hardcoded-credential-api-call`)

>   now recognizes hard-coded authentication credentials with Azure SDK for Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  now recognizes hard-coded authentication credentials passed to the Azure SDK for Java.
```

Author: Updated
